readme.md, before:



![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)

:100:

# _Team Profile Generator_

## Table of Contents

-Description\
-Application/Installation\
-Usage/How to use application\
-Contributions\
-MIT License

## Description

This is a simple to use and convenient application that allows users to generate a simple markdown file. This markdown file can be a great addition to a repository's readme section. All that is required from the user is to simply run npm install, answer the questions, copy the generated markdown file, and paste it to their project. The simplicity of this application allows the user to focus more on the content of their readme file rather than how to create a framework for their markdown file.

## Application

-npm install\
-adding an image is recommended

## Usage

The user can use the application by simply running an npm install from their command line. Once installed, the user can then run "node index.js" and a series of prompted questions will populate the command line. The user can then answer the prompted questions as needed to narrate their proposed project. Once the answers have been provided, then application will generate a markdown sheet called "README.md". The user can then copy this markdown file and attach it to the project they intend to use it for. The user can then push this markdown file to GitHub and will and all the format will be reflected onto the readme section.

![alt text](./templates/TeamProfileGeneratorDemo.gif)

## Contributions

[Kathryn](https://github.com/katgrace0808)\
[Katie](https://github.com/kaitekelly)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Jesse Audije]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

![alt text](https://github.com/audijej.png)

Commit message:

more styling to main html file

readme.md, after:



![made-with-Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Markdown-1f425f.svg)

:100:

# _Team Profile Generator_

## Table of Contents

-Description\
-Application/Installation\
-Usage/How to use application\
-Contributions\
-MIT License

## Description

This application allows a manager or supervisor to create a roster of their team members. The application runs from the command line and generates a series of questions that is tailored to the position that the employee holds, their employee ID, their email, their github account and their school. Once all the questions have been answered and the manager/supervisor no longer wants to add a team member, the input collected from the command line will generate an HTML file that organizes that specific team roster.

## Application

-npm install\
-Adding an image is recommended\
-Adding a CSS file for customization

## Usage

The user can use the application by simply running an npm install from their command line. Once installed, the user can then run "node app.js" and a series of prompted questions will populate the command line. The user can decide whether to add an engineer or an intern. The user can then answer the prompted questions that are specific to the team members role. Once the answers have been provided, then application will generate an html file called "team.html". The "team.html" file uses a series of templates within the program to complile the team roster. This file will consist of all the input from the prompted questions. Additional css styling can be added through the "style.css" file that is located in the output folder.

![alt text](./templates/TeamProfileGeneratorDemo.gif)

## Contributions

[Kathryn](https://github.com/katgrace0808)\
[Katie](https://github.com/kaitekelly)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [Jesse Audije]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

![alt text](https://github.com/audijej.png)
